My first ever Minecraft Mod!

Enchant a sword with the Soul Reaping enchantment (planned) to start getting Essence Shards. Use these Essence Shards to
create and upgrade powerful weapons, armor, and baubles. All items are expensive to create, yet are unbreakable and
upgradeable, often in multiple ways.

Weapons:

Essence Infused Sword: Crafted using two Essence Infused Ingots and an Essence Infused Stick in the normal sword pattern.
This weapon starts off slightly stronger than a Diamond Sword, at only +9 damage. Each upgrade gives an additional +1 damage,
as well as giving special effects, such as +20% damage as fire damage, slowing enemies on hit, or stealing life from the
enemy.

Essence Infused Bow (planned): Crafted using three Essence Infused Ingots and three Essence Infused String in a normal bow
pattern. The upgrade system works similarly for the bow as it does for the sword, with additional upgrades for range and draw
speed.

Armor:

Each piece of armor gives a large amount of protection, giving a total of 96% damage reduction when wearing the entire set.
Upgrades allow even more damage reduction, with an upgrade akin to the Resistance effect, up to 20% additional damage
reduction, per piece, as well as a set of upgrades to reduce damage further depending on the type of damage taken. In
addition to the damage reduction upgrades, there are upgrades that give increased maximum health and even a recharging
absorption shield which doesn't interfere with other absorption effects.

Baubles:

Essence Shard Magnet: This amulet, along with the higher tier versions, are cheap to craft compared to the other items in the
mod, and provide a poweful boost to Essence Shard drops. The magnet only gives a slight boost to Essence Shard Drops, while
the amasser gives a massive 5x multiplier to any Essence Shard drops, along with a significant boost to the base drop amount.

Potion Rings: These rings are imbued with the power of the various potions found in the wolds of Minecraft. Each tier is
crafted using the previous tier, along with the main brewing ingredient for the potion and an Essence Infused component
depending on the potion effect. All the potion rings give the effet of their potion without using the potion effect, and as
such can stack with any other effects added by other items.

Angelic Amulet: Initialy provides the same effect as Extra Utilities' Angel Rings, simply providing creative flight while
worn in the amulet slot. This item is quite expensive to create, yet not quite as costly as the higher tiers of other items.
This item can be upgraded (planned) to give faster flight and mining speed while flying, as well as underwater movement
speed, mining speed, and breathing time.

Dervish's Sash: These belts are powerful items, and while the effect's range is small, each tier increased the range and
effectiveness of the belt. These belts, while worn, cause you to deal damage to all enemies in the area, as if the weapon you
were wielding did AoE damage. This AoE damage, hoever, decreases in effectiveness the farther apart enemies are. In addition
to the area damage effect, this belt allows the player to step up a full block, instead of the usual half-block.

Knockback Belt: These belts allow you to, every 30 seconds, knock away all nearby enemies simply by jumping. Each tier
increases the range of the effect, while the knockback distance itself is based upon the distance fallen. In addition to the
knockback effect, this belt allows the player to step up a full block, instead of the usual half-block.
